Docs: Use history change basically everywhere (#11571)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/autocapture.mdx

> This covers configuring autocapture in the JavaScript and React SDKs. For the React Native SDK, see our [React Native docs](/docs/libraries/react-native#autocapture).

### Capturing pageviews in single-page apps

PostHog usually relies on the page load event to capture pageviews. This means it only captures pageviews when a user loads a new page.

> This doesn't work for single-page app frameworks like [Next.js](/docs/libraries/next-js), [React Router](/docs/libraries/react-router), or [Vue](/docs/libraries/vue-js). Instead, you can the `capture_pageview` configuration option to `history_change`. This uses the history API to capture pageviews whenever the user navigates within your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doesn't work for single-page app frameworks like [Next.js](/docs/libraries/next-js), [React Router](/docs/libraries/react-router), or [Vue](/docs/libraries/vue-js). Instead, you should set the `capture_pageview` configuration option to `history_change`. This uses the history API to capture pageviews whenever the user navigates within your app.
```

> ```js-web

Author: We do this in some files to distinguish `js-web` from `node`, but it's not always followed.

> ```js-web

Reviewer 2: Good to know :)
